You are intimidating me
Mr. Shen
As long as this cooperation has been reached
Billions and billions of dollars of revenue are within reach.
At that time, the review will rise to the top ten in the country
Your value will also double
You are smart.
I'm sure you know what to do.
You are such a wonderful person
It's all on my mind
But Shen Pinting is my daughter after all
Is that so?
You are going to drink this glass of wine
I won't pursue it anymore
Well, in that case
Let's move on.
You're good to go.
Thank you Mr. Shen
Dad, that's how you help me settle the bill
The same age
Why are you so different? Dad, get out of here.
Don't touch him again
Otherwise ruin the contract
I will kill you with my own hands
Dad won't let me touch him
Then I'll let other people touch him.
Hello aunt
What's the matter, it sounds like you're wronged
I heard he fired me for a bitch
What the hell is going on?
Tingchuan's personal secretary
A vixen who comes to work with a hickey
On the first day I met Tingchuan, I scratched my head and posed on him
I heard he is still a married woman
Is inferior
That's outrageous.
You wait for me to go to Tingchuan